# Security policy

Security is of paramount importance to the tss-esapi project. We do all we can to identify and fix
issues, however some problems might slip through the cracks. Any efforts towards responsible
disclosure of security problems are greatly appreciated and your contributions will be acknowledged.

## Our disclosure policy

All security vulnerabilities affecting the tss-esapi project - including those reported using the
steps highlighted below, those discovered during routine testing, and those found in our dependency
tree either through `cargo-audit` or otherwise - will receive
[security advisories](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/rust-tss-esapi/security) in a timely
manner. The advisories should include sufficient information about the cause, effect, and possible
mitigations for the vulnerability. If any information is missing, or you would like to raise a
question about the advisories, please open an issue in
[our repo](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/rust-tss-esapi).

Efforts to mitigate for the reported vulnerabilities will be tracked using GitHub issues linked to
the corresponding advisories.

## Reporting a vulnerability

To report a vulnerability, please send an email to
[cncf-parsec-maintainers@lists.cncf.io](mailto:cncf-parsec-maintainers@lists.cncf.io). We will
promptly reply to your report and we will strive to keep you in the loop as we try to reach a
resolution.

# Security considerations for the use of the software

The authvalue provided to the TPM to perform certain operations like creating Primary Keys is
currently randomly generated by [getrandom](https://crates.io/crates/getrandom), which assumes
"that the system always provides high-quality cryptographically secure random data, ideally backed
by hardware entropy sources."

The user of this software should take this into consideration when setting up their system and using
this software.
